# Introduction

The following project consists on making a simulation of a camera, connected to a computer via a PCI-Express port, that allows a user to modify its pictures using different filters. The user will be able to **“take”** a **picture** (obtain a stored photo from the device), **apply a filter**, and **save** it to a virtual environment that is running on Ubuntu. For the pictures, the format bitmap image (abbreviated as bmp) will be used and **different filters can be applied** to them (not limited to one per image). When a picture is saved, the user can check the date in which the it was taken, the size of the image, among other data.

To achieve these tasks, the hardware simulator known as **Simics** will be used to make a simulation of the environment and the device, while the program used by the user to modify the pictures will be implemented by using **C++/C**, although a combination of both can occur depending on the necessities of the team. To verify that the device and the environment work according to the requirements, various test cases will be created.

Different work objectives will have to be completed, so the three members of the team will work on different tasks in parallel, while other tasks will be worked together.  This will be the first time that this team works with Simics and assembly language for a project, so it is vital that all members take time to study, read the official documentation of Simics, and do research on topics in which there is a lack of knowledge. To find these specific tasks and a list of topics that need to be researched, **refer to** the **projects section** or **issues** of this GitHub repository. By accomplishing the goals for this project, the team will be able to have a **better understanding** of Simics, PCI-Express port, and
assembly language. Also, each member will **gain experience** in their design abilities, team communication skills, and correct management of uncertainty on new projects.
